Add documentation to describe user management in ACL (#105254)
Azure/azure-content: articles/confidential-ledger/manage-aad-token-based-users.md

---
title: Managed AAD Token Based Users in Azure Confidential Ledger
description: Learn how to manage AAD token based users in Azure Confidential Ledger
author: settiy
ms.author: settiy
ms.date: 02/09/2023
ms.service: confidential-ledger
ms.topic: how-to
---

# Manage AAD Token Based Users in Azure Confidential Ledger

AAD-based users are identified by their AAD object id.

Users with Administrator privileges can manage users of the Confidential Ledger. Available roles are Reader (read-only), Contributor (read and write), and Administrator (read, write, and manage users).

The following client libraries can be used to manage users. Learn more about each by following the links below:

- Python
- .NET
- Java

> [!NOTE]
> Login to Azure using either the Azure CLI or Azure PowerShell. The instructions are available at https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli or https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/authenticate-azureps?view=azps-8.3.0 respectively.  

> Get the Confidential Ledger's id and the identity service endpoint from the Azure Portal as it is needed to create a client to manage the users. This image shows the properties in the Azure portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the Confidential Ledger's Name and Identity service URI from the Azure Portal as it is needed to create a client to manage the users. This image shows the properties in the Azure portal.
```

> :::image type="content" source="./media/ledger-properties.png" alt-text="Ledger Properties":::

Reviewer: I am not able to see the image, maybe I am not viewing it correctly. I usually follow this method to [display images with markdown ](https://marinegeo.github.io/2018-08-10-adding-images-markdown/#:~:text=Images%20can%20be%20added%20to%20any%20markdown%20page,mouseover%22%29.%20%21%20%5BMarineGEO%20circle%20logo%5D%20%28%2Fassets%2Fimg%2FMarineGEO_logo.png%20%22MarineGEO%20logo%22%29). It may be a viewing error on my end though.

Author: I followed the format in the other mark down pages.

---
title: Managed AAD Token Based Users in Azure Confidential Ledger
description: Learn how to manage AAD token based users in Azure Confidential Ledger
author: settiy
ms.author: settiy
ms.date: 02/09/2023
ms.service: confidential-ledger
ms.topic: how-to
---

# Manage AAD Token Based Users in Azure Confidential Ledger

AAD-based users are identified by their AAD object id.

> Users with Administrator privileges can manage users of the Confidential Ledger. Available roles are Reader (read-only), Contributor (read and write), and Administrator (read, write, and manage users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members with Administrator privileges can manage users of the Confidential Ledger. Available roles are Reader (read-only), Contributor (read and write), and Administrator (read, write, and manage users).
```

Author: In ACL, Administrator users can manage other users. They don't have to be members

> The following client libraries can be used to manage users. Learn more about each by following the links below:

Reviewer: The client libraries are not linked to their respective sections.

- [Python](#python-client-library)
- [.NET](#net-client-library)

> - [Java](#java-client-library)

Reviewer 2: Should we include JavaScript?

```Python
pip install azure-identity azure-confidentialledger
```

### Create a Confidential Ledger client

```Python
from azure.identity import DefaultAzureCredential
from azure.confidentialledger import ConfidentialLedgerClient
from azure.confidentialledger.identity_service import ConfidentialLedgerIdentityServiceClient
from azure.confidentialledger import LedgerUserRole

identity_client = ConfidentialLedgerCertificateClient()
network_identity = identity_client.get_ledger_identity(
    ledger_id="contoso"
    )

ledger_tls_cert_file_name = "ledger_certificate.pem"
with open(ledger_tls_cert_file_name, "w") as cert_file:
    cert_file.write(network_identity["ledgerTlsCertificate"])

# The DefaultAzureCredential will use the current Azure context to authenticate to Azure
credential = DefaultAzureCredential()

ledger_client = ConfidentialLedgerClient(
    endpoint="https://contoso.confidential-ledger.azure.com",
    credential=credential,
    ledger_certificate_path=ledger_tls_cert_file_name
    )

# Add a user with the contributor role
# Other supported roles are Contributor and Administrator
user_id = "AAD object id of the user"
user = ledger_client.create_or_update_user(

> user_id, {"assignedRole": "Contributor"}

Reviewer 2: nit: indent

      var aclUser = System.Text.Json.JsonDocument.Parse(response.Content.ToString());

      Console.WriteLine($"Assigned Role is = {aclUser.RootElement.GetProperty("assignedRole").ToString()}");
      Console.WriteLine($"User id is = {aclUser.RootElement.GetProperty("userId").ToString()}");

      // Delete the user
      ledgerClient.DeleteUser(userId);
    }
}
```
## Java Client Library

### Install the packages

```Java
   <!-- https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.azure/azure-security-confidentialledger -->
   <dependency>
         <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
         <artifactId>azure-security-confidentialledger</artifactId>
         <version>1.0.6</version>
   </dependency>
   <!-- https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.azure/azure-identity -->
      <dependency>
         <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
         <artifactId>azure-identity</artifactId>
         <version>1.8.0</version>
      </dependency>
   <!-- https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.azure/azure-core -->
   <dependency>
         <groupId>com.azure</groupId>
         <artifactId>azure-core</artifactId>
         <version>1.36.0</version>
   </dependency>
```

### Create a client and manage the users

```Java

>    import java.io.IOException;

Reviewer 3: nit: indentation
